[RA2 Ch5]: Nile proofreading changes (#3274)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter05.rst

secured within their perimeters. The various layers that come into picture are:

-  **Container Registry**: A container registry is a repository to manage
   container images. The access to container registry needs to be secured in
   order to prevent unauthorised access or image tampering.
-  **Container Images**: Stored instance of a container that holds a set of
   software needed to run an application. Before loading them to a container
   registry, they need to be secured by performing various checks like
   vulnerability analysis, scans etc. These images should also be signed from
   trusted sources.
-  **Containers**: A lightweight and portable executable image that contains

>    software and all of its dependencies. The containers need to be prevented from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   software and all of the dependencies. The containers need to be prevented from
```

>    accessing the underlying OS like loading of kernel modules, mounting of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   accessing the underlying OS capabilities like loading of kernel modules, mounting of
```

>    directories of underlying OS etc and it must be ensured that containers don't run in

Reviewer: tense has changed from what precedes.  The new changes read:
**Containers**: A lightweight and portable executable image that contains software and all of its dependencies. The containers need to be prevented from accessing the underlying OS like loading of kernel modules, mounting of directories of underlying OS etc and it must be ensured that containers don't run in privileged mode.

Suggest
**Containers**: A lightweight and portable executable image that contains software and all its dependencies. The containers need to be prevented from accessing the underlying OS capabilities like loading of kernel modules, mounting of directories of the underlying OS, etc., and running in privileged mode.

```suggestion
   directories of the underlying OS, etc., and running in
```
